Monica's Affair
byVueslak©
For the past month or so, everybody at Montague Marketing was on edge. Ever since the announcement that the company had been acquired by a multi-national mega company, Hillard International, they were all worried about losing their jobs.

Monica Storm sat at her desk working away as best as she could. She had seen several colleagues and peers get laid off over the past few weeks as the acquisition unfolded, and as a middle manager role of Director of Marketing, she was worried her time was soon up. She wondered if going back to work a year ago was the wrong decision. Her kids were now 5 and 7, and she and her husband had discussed him moving his accounting practice into their home, so he could be there for the kids and she could go back to work now that they were in school full time. She loved working and had taken the last 7 years off to raise their son and daughter, and felt it was her turn now to "make a living" again.

Of course, Rick had been very supportive. He thought it was great that she wanted to get back to work and he was more than happy to move his work home and get out of the corporate jungle. And since she had only ever worked marketing jobs in the past, she looked for and was able to find an entry level marketing job with a good company.

She had worked very hard, and within a year was the Director for the national company. Her boss, Jake Renaud, was kind but firm, and saw great value in her and was a big help in getting her to where she is.

Suddenly her thoughts were interrupted by a flash message on her screen.

"Come on over, we have to talk," was the message from her boss.

"Ok, sure, on my way," she replied back into the text window. "This was it," she thought, her layoff. She stood up, straightened her blazer, made sure her skirt was even, took a deep breath and headed out of her office and down the hall. Rounding the corner, there on the right, was his office. 'Jake Renaud, VP Sales & Marketing,' the sign on the wall outside the door read. She knocked lightly on the open door and smiled as she walked in. She had butterflies in her stomach as she shut the door.

"Hi, come in, sit," he said, smiling back. As she sat she smoothed her skirt under her bare legs, and crossed them for good measure. He saw the look of nervousness on her face and smiled.

"You look nervous, don't be, I have great news," he announced. "We are keeping our jobs, you and I at least. They see a lot of value in our department, and specifically in what we've accomplished in the last year, so for now, at least, we have our jobs."

She was so happy and relieve she jumped out of her chair. "Oh my God, that is fantastic news!" she said and he walked around his desk and they hugged. If this hug was a little tighter and longer than most, neither of them minded, as this was truly incredible news and they had both survived being laid off. As they slowly broke the hug, she paced around his large office with nervous energy and excitement, and he sat on the edge of his desk, smiling.

"So this means we're ok? All of the projects I'm working on I can finish?" she asked.

"Yes, it's all good. And I just got off the phone with our new bosses at Hillard, and they still want to have the sales retreat in a few weeks. With all the turnover on the sales team recently, and all the new recruits we've hired, they want to have a company pow-wow, you know to do team building stuff, and they think it will be good for morale. Some of the big brass are flying in just for these meetings."

"Wow, that's great news," she replied, "so it's all still happening as planned?"

Nodding, he replied, "Yes, I just have to make some final arrangements for housing, as there's limited cabins at this resort and I need to make sure we get them reserved. But we're good to go."

They engaged in small talk for a few more minutes and then hugged again briefly and she left and went back to her desk. Immediately she texted her husband and told him the good news. They agreed to celebrate that evening.

Even though he didn't say it, she knew that Jake had fought hard to keep her on with the new leadership. They had a very good relationship for boss and employee, and she felt close to him in a work acquaintance kind of way. They had been on a few business trips together in the past year of her employment at the company, and had had many lunches together outside of the office. He knew quite a bit about her husband and her kids, and she knew about his messy divorce because he worked too much and was married to his job. He complimented her sometimes on her appearance, but it was never anything creepy, just telling her he liked her dress or her hair, or a piece of clothing, or saying she looked great today, normal things like that. At least she felt they were normal. Jake was a strong willed, confident, independent man, who seemed to automatically command respect from everyone. He was 52 years old, and although 20 years older than her, she felt like they really understood each other and were quite close, for colleagues. He was tall, over six feet, and very good looking for a man his age. He kept in shape at the gym and by playing tennis in the summer.

There had never been anything sexual between them, and she had never thought of him in that way. But she did feel very close, like he was someone she could trust and rely on in a jam. Many times he had totally supported her leaving early for family emergencies, or whatever, and she knew he had her back. She was very grateful for his help in all she had achieved since going back to work.

She was used to turning heads in the office, as many of her male colleagues flirted with her regularly. She was a very beautiful woman, at 5'8", 140 lbs, with an hourglass figure, firm breasts, and soft, beautiful skin and big green eyes. She wore her long brown hair down most of the time, and was quite attractive and liked to keep herself fit, especially after having two kids. She looked like she was in her twenties despite being 32. She dressed conservatively most of the time, only rarely showed a hint of cleavage, and rarely wore short skirts, usually they were to just above her knees. But she had never noticed her boss "checking her out" as she had with other male colleagues. She always felt great respect from him, and in return had great admiration for him.

A couple weeks passed, and things were progressing along nicely. She was so excited to have kept her job, as her husband's home based business was struggling right now, so she was bringing home most of the income. She was walking down the hall in the office and walked past Jake's office just as she heard him slam the phone down.

"God dammit!" he exclaimed. She stepped back a couple of steps and stopped outside his open door.

"Um, everything ok boss?" she asked. He was fuming and looked like he wanted to kill somebody as he sat behind his desk.

He looked up at her and shook his head.

"No, we have a big problem. Actually I need to talk to you, come in and close the door," he replied. She rarely had seen him this serious, as he was generally pretty laid back. She felt butterflies in her stomach as she slowly stepped in and closed his door. He motioned for her to sit down and she did.

He stood up, paced around a couple of times, looking like he was dreading the news and then slowly sat back down and looked at her.

"Monica, there is a problem with the reservations at the resort for the sales conference. I requested and reserved 50 cabins, but the stupid ass manager there made a mistake and they have only got 49 for us. And there's some other huge conference at the same resort at the same time, so they are completely booked." He leaned forward and crossed his hands together, looking at her intently.

"We got by the last round of layoffs, and this sales conference is a huge deal for the acquisition and the new leadership building morale amongst the sales team. And with most of them being new, either to our company or from Hillard, I have to now ask two people to share a cabin. Each one is only designed for one person, one bed, etc. This is not good, I don't want to give them any reason to think we messed this up or second guess their decision to keep us on."

She looked really concerned.

"No, I don't want that either," she replied. "Well what are you going to do?"

He got up again, paced the room a few times, and sighed, came back and sat on the corner of his desk, facing her.

"Monica, I don't want to cause a ruckus. I need this retreat to go off without a hitch. Everything is planned perfectly. Not very many people going know each other and there's already a lot of stress." He sighed again and looked very hesitant to continue. She sat silently, waiting for him to continue.

"I hate to ask you this, knowing you're married, but would you consider sharing a cabin with me for the week of the retreat? I know it's highly inappropriate for me to even ask, and a huge imposition, and I apologize, but honestly, it would be the best way to alleviate this problem without raising and red flags that don't need to be raised. The room does have a king sized bed so at least we'll have lots of room. You stay on your side, I stay on mine, we wouldn't even touch each other I'm sure. I feel like an ass asking you to do this, but is there anyway you would consider it?"

She sat stunned for several seconds. Sleeping with her boss? Did he just ask her to sleep with him? Her mind raced with all the reasons that was inappropriate and wrong. But then she focused on his words, and realized that's not what he was asking. He was asking that she share a bed, a big bed, with him, and a cabin, platonically of course, for the week. She saw the look of desperation and humiliation on his face for even asking her, and she knew he was sincere and trusted his intentions. But still, it felt wrong, what would Rick say? He certainly wouldn't like it at all. He wouldn't understand at all.

"Um, uh, I don't know, I guess, um, can I think about it?" was all she could manage to get out.

"Sure, of course, sorry to put you on the spot. There's no reason to answer now, although I do need to sort this out soon. Again, I'm sorry to ask you, I know it's highly inappropriate and I'm sure your husband will be against it. I'll find some other way if I have to, I just thought this would be easier," he replied.

She stood up and touched his arm.

"Well I didn't say no, let me think about it tonight ok, and talk to Rick and I will let you know tomorrow. OK?"

He agreed, thanked her again and she left, went back to her desk, and sat, dumbfounded. She couldn't believe what he just proposed. Sleeping in the same bed, and staying in the same room? She had not been that intimate with any man since her husband. "But was it intimate?," She thought to herself. "After all," she thought, "He was very clear it was just sleeping, and it would be just like any other business trip they had been on, only this time with one room and one bed. She shook her head and couldn't decide what she should do. Everything in her told her it was wrong for so many reasons, but she knew his point about flying under the radar of the new management was a good one, and they didn't need any reason to second guess themselves. She trusted Jake and his intentions. The trouble now was with Rick. She had to tell him and ask his opinion. She knew he would say no, but she felt she couldn't hide this and had to tell him. For the rest of the day she didn't get much work done, and was going over and over again how she could possibly bring this up to him.

Finally the day was done and she was at home with her family. It was rather chaotic as their daughter was sick and she really had no time to talk to Rick, until after dinner was cleaned up and the kids were tucked in bed. He went into the living room to put on the hockey game, and she came and sat down beside him.

"Sweetie, there's something I have to talk to you about with work," she said, with butterflies in her stomach. She felt so nervous bringing this up.

"Ok, sure, you look serious, everything ok?" he replied, focusing on her.

"Yes, everything's fine. But there's a problem with the sales retreat I'm supposed to go on in two weeks. There's a problem with the reservations." She paused, feeling very uneasy about to drop the bomb on him. "Well, um, you see my boss..." suddenly she was interrupted with her daughter screaming out and sounding like she was vomiting. Instinctively both parents immediately jumped up and ran upstairs, and sure enough, their daughter had thrown up and was looking very ill. They cleaned her up, changed her sheets, cleaned everything else up, and an hour later, finally had her back to sleep.

Monica was stewing, it was after 9:00 pm now, and she had to talk to Rick tonight. She was hoping she could now when the phone rang. The call display said Grandma, who had been sick recently, so she answered. Sure enough, it was Grandma and she also was very ill, and thought she needed help. Fortunately she lived nearby, so Monica told Rick quickly and jumped in the car and went over.

Two hours later she returned, very nervous and anxious now, finally hoping to talk to Rick. She went upstairs and found him passed out in their bed, snoring loudly. It had been a long day for him with the kids, she knew that, and he was exhausted. She sighed, feeling very down, knowing she couldn't wake him now to discuss her dilemma, she needed to let him sleep. She quickly got ready for bed herself lied there beside Rick, unable to sleep, going over in her head all the reasons her boss's proposal was so wrong, and knowing Rick would be adamantly against it. She tried to rationalize it to herself, and what if it was platonic? They respected each other's boundaries and made it work. She figured they could totally. She thought about her sleeping attire and the little, short, thin tank top she was wearing with her tight panties. Her husband loved this kind of stuff, and it was all she really had for the summer. She couldn't bring her flannel pyjamas in July, she would be sweating constantly. She told herself if, and it was a big if, she did agree to this, she would have to go shopping and find some cotton pyjama pants and a top for the summer. There's no way she could sleep in the same bed as her boss with these skimpy clothes on.

She really believed Jake would be a gentleman, as he had never been anything but with her. She trusted him in her heart and admired him, and other than Rick, he was the closest male to her in her life. The more she laid there thinking about it, the more she thought maybe it was ok, this one time, since it was a king sized bed and all. But she was still convicted about telling Rick and asking his opinion in the morning before work. Eventually, somehow, she drifted off to sleep.

Suddenly she woke up from a bad dream, and sat up quickly. She turned and saw Rick was not in bed, and light was peaking in through the blinds. She looked at her night table clock and panicked, jumping out of bed. She had overslept and forgot to set her alarm with all her anxiety last night. She heard Rick downstairs with the kids, and knew he was getting them ready for school. She wondered how Sarah, her daughter was feeling today. She felt even more anxious springing this on him now in the morning. She needed a shower first.

Quickly she jumped in and showered and felt somewhat better but still apprehensive. She quickly dressed for work and headed downstairs. Her son, Matthew ran up and hugged her. She hugged him back and saw Rick was putting on his coat.

"Oh good, you're up, sleepy head. I was just going to come and wake you. Sarah has a fever and is really sick. I'm very worried about her, so I'm taking her to the doctor right now, before it gets busy. Can you drop Matthew at school on your way to work?" and he kissed her good morning.

She nodded and immediately headed into the front room and hugged Sarah and felt her forehead.

"Oh wow, she is so hot, let me know what the doctor says ok?" she asked Rick and hugged them both goodbye. "Yes I'll drop Matthew at school." And just like that her husband flew out of the door. She was left to clean up from breakfast, and get Matthew ready for school. She was going to be late for work, but fortunately Jake didn't mind if it was once in a while and she was usually very punctual. She had forgotten entirely about the conversation she had to have with Rick about work, being preoccupied with Sarah and how sick she was, and as she was dropping her son at school it came back to her.

"Oh God," she said to herself as she got back into the car and drove away, waving to her son. "I didn't get a chance to talk to Rick, and I can't make Jake wait any longer, that's not fair. Oh God what am I going to do," she thought and worried all the way to work.

Finally arriving several minutes later, she parked in her usual reserved spot and sat there with the car off, afraid to go in. What was she going to tell her boss? Was it actually ok for them to share a bed and a cabin for 5 days and 4 nights? She wrestled with her thoughts. She couldn't say yes without having talked to Rick, she just couldn't? She didn't feel right asking for more time. She knew he was stressing about this situation and probably didn't sleep much last night worrying about it. They both loved their jobs and worked very well together and she knew he didn't want to lose his any more than she wanted to lose hers. Oh what was she going to do? She fretted and sat, unsure what to do. Could she say yes, and not tell Rick? Just the thought of that made her feel uneasy and like she was cheating. They didn't harbor secrets from each other and were always able to talk about anything. He was a great husband as far as husband's went. They had their problems for sure, but she loved him dearly. At the same time it was exciting in some way. In a way that she hadn't experienced since she had been dating. She didn't really understand why, and quickly dismissed the feeling, but a part of her that had been supressed because of kids, and bills, and work, and life, found this exciting. She reminded herself this was an unusual circumstance, and not one that either her or Jake created. And they were two work friends, colleagues, well he was her boss, but she felt like he was a friend too. She felt complete trust in him, and with a king size bed felt it would be easy enough to avoid contact and not have any weird night time rollovers onto each other or anything odd like that. She totally believed that he had no interest in her sexually at all, as he had never shown signs of that. She really felt it would and could work if they both were respectful, and she saw no reason why they wouldn't be.

She knew she couldn't sit in the car forever, she had to make a decision and go in. She grabbed her phone and called Rick. She didn't want to do it over the phone, but now there was no other opportunity. She was so nervous as it rang. Voice mail. She texted him and asked if he could call her right away. He did, thinking it was an emergency. He asked what was wrong sounding very worried, and she said she was ok, but she had to talk to him about the thing from work that they couldn't discuss last night. He asked her to hold for a minute, and she heard him talking in the background and he came back and said the doctor is seeing them now, and the nurse is waiting and said they could discuss it that evening, he had to go. He told her he loved her and said good bye and hung up. She repeated the words back and sat there staring at her phone. Now she felt more lost than ever. She had tried three times to discuss it with Rick, and every time circumstances got in the way.

Taking a deep breath, she headed into the office, and hoped she could catch Rick on the phone before she had to talk to Jake. She headed in, and took the long way around the floor to avoid walking by his office. She tried to busy herself with her work, constantly checking her phone every few minutes for a text from Rick. Suddenly her heart sunk and she froze. On her screen a pop up message appeared, from her boss. "On the phone with corporate now, they want the final plan with reservations and numbers confirmed and emailed over. Can you come by? Did you talk to your hubby?" She read and reread the message, trying to decipher its tone. It sounded frantic she thought, or was she reading into it too much. She felt her butterflies come back, as she responded and said she was on her way. Slowly she got up, and slowly made her way to his office, and stopped at the door. It was closed but he saw her through the glass wall. He waved her in, and was still on the phone. She entered quietly and shut the door even more so, and sat down in the chair in front of his desk.

"Yes Sir, I got it. It's all done. We're looking forward to it as well. I'm just working out the final numbers and allocations of rooms for the retreat. Yes Sir, almost done, within the hour, yes sir," he said into the phone. He quickly said goodbye and sighed and looked at his young subordinate.

"I assume you gathered the sense of urgency from them hearing that?" he asked her.

"Yes, I did," she replied. "They want everything finalized within the hour?"

He nodded, "Yes," and looked at his Rolex. "Which gives us about 45 minutes to get this done. Please tell me you talked to your husband. One way or another, I need to get this done, like now."

She shook her head. "No, I'm sorry Jake, I didn't get a chance. I tried several times last night and today but Sarah is sick and Rick's at the hospital with her, so it's been kind of chaotic."

"Oh God, I hope she's ok? Anything serious?" he asked, and looked genuinely concerned.

"I don't think so, probably a bad fever or something, but hopefully he'll let me know soon. Thank you for your concern," she answered.

"Of course, family comes first around here, you know that. Well if you have to leave or anything, feel free," he reassured her.

"Thanks, I'm ok for now. Um, but uh, I think you may as well go ahead and put us together, and just be done with it," she said, and shifted nervously in her chair. She couldn't believe she suggested it, it just came out. She didn't want to make this decision without Rick, but honestly felt it was for the best, for everyone.

Jake looked at her surprised. "Really? You're ok with that? I don't want to cause any turmoil with your husband. Are you sure?"

She nodded slowly, "Yes, just get it over with and do it. I tried to talk to him a few times, and I'm so stressed out about it I just want it over. I think he wouldn't like it, but he doesn't know you like I know you and I know you only proposed this for the sake of making things easy with senior management, and not for any bad reasons. The more I think about it, the more I think it's fine to do."

He smiled slightly. "Ok, if you're sure. I don't want this to be a problem at all, but it would make things much easier. You sure?"

"Yes," she stood up and tried to sound convicted, though inside she felt very apprehensive about the whole thing. "I'm sure, it'll all be fine."

"Ok, great then, thank you," he stretched out his hand to shake hers. She took his hand and he shook hers and said, "Roommates for 5 days, I'm glad honestly it's with you and not someone I don't know."

"Me too," she said shaking his hand from across his desk. He thanked her again and she said goodbye and went back to her office.

Sitting at her desk, she immediately second guessed her decision and wrestled internally with what she should've said. But it was done, she wasn't going to go back. Now she had to decide what to tell Rick. The thought came into her head to not tell him at all, but she felt sick to her stomach entertaining that thought. She felt like she was being deceptive, trying to hide something. She made up her mind that she would tell him tonight, and it was done, couldn't be changed now without significant trouble, and hopefully that would make him a little more open to the idea.

The same thing happened as earlier, one thing led to another and she just didn't have a good chance to talk to Rick about it. Maybe part of her was terrified and she was subconsciously avoiding it. 24 hours passed, and she still hadn't done it. The more time that passed the more she felt like it wasn't even worth telling him now. It was done, there was nothing that could be done to change it now without significant difficulty. And besides, she had no intention of doing anything inappropriate with her boss, it was only sleeping in the same bed and purposely avoiding each other as they did so.

Time passed, she kept making excuses to avoid telling him, and eventually decided not to. The more she thought about it the more she convinced herself it was no big deal. And she knew it would be a very stressful and awkward conversation with him, but she also felt he had absolutely nothing to worry about, so it seemed unnecessary to raise it anymore.

The trip was only a few days away and the last couple of weeks had kept her incredibly busy with life stuff. She had no time to go shopping for new pyjamas but decided she would just wear a pair of shorts and a long t-shirt over her bra and panties and that would suffice and be appropriate. They had a lot to do with helping out and taking care of Grandma, and the kids more so than normal, and she was just run ragged for several days in a row. She was actually looking forward to this trip to get some relaxing time.

So Monday morning came, and off she went, saying goodbye to her family for a week, kissing the kids, and kissing her husband deeply, and committing that she would call every night to say good night.

Her drive was uneventful, the roads were good and she made excellent time. As she finally pulled into the remote resort in the woods, she saw the cabins, all exactly alike, lined up along a beautiful lake, with a main building much bigger off to the side. She proceeded to cabin 17, which she knew was hers and Jake's for the week. It happened to be situated right on the side of the main building, and as she pulled up out front she saw her boss's car nearby. He actually came out of a side door of the building just as she was pulling up.

"Oh Hi, how was your drive?" he asked as he walked up and hugged her.

"Oh fine, no troubles. Actually crazy stress with the family lately so I'm looking forward to some relaxation here," she replied.

"Good, that's great, I'm sure you'll get it. Hey I'm glad I ran into you now. I just got here a few minutes ago and haven't even been in the room yet. I have to head to a senior manager meeting right now inside. Here's the keys, why don't you go settle in and I'll catch up with you later," he said.

"Ok sure," she nodded, taking the keys. And they said goodbye and he went back inside and headed to his meeting. She grabbed her bags and headed to the cabin. She opened the door, smiling, happy to have some down time to herself. She walked in the front hall, put her bag down, and walked in to check out the room. As she rounded the corner into the main room, she suddenly gasped, dropped her bags on the floor and clasped her hands over her mouth.

She couldn't believe her eyes! The bed was what she was staring at, but it was not a king sized bed, it was a twin bed, a double, and way too small to share with her boss! She thought a mistake must have been made, and she felt incredibly anxiety as she thought about the possibility of having to share this with Jake for a week. She thought about the nights in the bed and then it suddenly hit her.

"What the hell am I going to do?" she thought. She knew with this bed, even if they stayed on their own sides, if either of them rolled over in the night or stretched out a limb, they would be touching each other. She wondered what Jake wore to bed. For a moment she found herself thinking of his penis. She had never seen another man's since she met Rick, and the thought of it touching her at night, on any part of her body made her shudder. It was so wrong. In this bed, it would be very easy for them to end up in any number of compromising and inappropriate positions in the morning when they woke up. She was so nervous and scared and upset that she didn't realize in there as well was a hint of excitement at this situation. She didn't realize at the time that those thoughts made her a little wet, a little turned on.

She sat there crying for several minutes. She intended to go to the front desk and sort this out, but she was more upset at herself for not telling Rick. She was regretting it now. Eventually, she collected herself and knew she had to sort this out, and headed to the front desk in the main building. Once there, she asked immediately for the manager, who was summoned and came shortly out of an office to greet her. She explained the situation briefly, without going into a lot of detail, and told him that her and her boss were sharing a room for the week, and it is completely platonic, she is married, and only for company business reasons. There was supposed to be a king sized bed and it's only a double and won't do.

The manager was very empathetic and checked the computer and realized a mistake had indeed be made, and their room was instead given to one of the top brass from the parent company. After a long talk and pleading and grovelling, she was left with the reality that the place was packed full, there was nothing that could be done without significant professional embarrassment to her and Jake, and she didn't want that.

She sat down into the chair and felt like she was in a bad dream. She glanced at her watch and realized she had to put this on hold for now, as there was a meeting she had to be at shortly. She changed, got ready and headed out to the meeting, trying to put this out of her mind for now.

A few hours later she was finished her meetings and saw Jake in the hallway.

"Jake, Hi, do you have a few minutes? We NEED to talk," she sounded desperate. He glanced at his watch and replied,

"Yah, I have a few, sure, what's up?"

"Our room," she replied, "have you been there yet?"

"NO, not yet, I've been in back to backs all day. Is something wrong with it?" he said.

"Yes," she replied emphatically, "Very wrong. It's not king sized bed Jake, it's a twin only. A twin! "

He looked surprised. "What? Really? How? Did you talk to the manager? That can't be!"

"Yes," she nodded, "I had a long conversation with him. It's a mistake, and Kyle Jenkins has our room. They switched them by accident. I didn't think we could very easily ask him to switch with us."

"No," he said, "We can't. He's kind of an asshole on a good day, he would be quite pissed if we did ask him. I'm so sorry Monica. It will be a very, um, awkward situation I guess, for us, right? But I can make the best of it if you can?" He looked sincere.

"I don't think we have any other choice," she said, but looked very upset.

"I agreed with you," he said. "But Monica, we are both professionals, and have great respect for each other, and I think we can make it work, don't you?"

"Um, yah, I uh, guess so. I guess it's all we can do," she replied.

He saw how upset she was with the whole thing and hugged her. She shuddered slightly which she had never done from one of his hugs but this time she felt vulnerable. He thanked her for her flexibility and said he had to go to another meeting and they said their goodbyes.

She had some time free now and made her way back to her room. She tried to keep busy and keep her mind off of this crazy inappropriate situation and she hung her clothes up in the closet. She left all of her night time and skimpy clothes in her suitcase, as she did not want them in a drawer that he might access and see.

When she was done she had a bite to eat and another meeting so she headed back to the main cabin. It was a beautiful evening, and she felt a little better about the bed situation, and was confident they would make the best of it.

Her meeting was a couple of hours, and then she headed back to the cabin, and upon entering saw Jake there, sitting at the desk, on the phone and on his computer. He waved to her and went back to his call. She knew she had to be relatively quiet with him on the phone, and as she took off her shoes she noticed a man's tank top laid out on the bed and assumed it was his. It was quite ratty and had some holes in it and looked very old and thin. Beside the shirt was a note. She walked over and read the note.

"Monica, one thing I forgot to mention earlier, is that seeing as how I'm your boss, I'm in charge in this room. And I have rules in this room that you must follow, that are non-negotiable. The first rule is sleeping attire. This shirt is your sleeping attire. You may wear it and only it to bed. Nothing underneath it is permitted. If you break this rule, you will be punished. This call I'm on will last quite some time, so you are to shower and put on this shirt and go to bed shortly. Again, this is not open for discussion." Jake.

She stood there staring at the note and re-reading it several times. 'This has to be a joke,' she thought and looked over at her boss a few feet away. He was ignoring her and looking at his laptop screen and talking into his headset. She walked over into his sight line and waved to get his attention. He glanced at her quickly, and she held the note up and silently mouthed, "What is this?" to him and pointed at the note. He smiled devilishly and went back to his meeting, leaving her without an answer. She stared at him for a long time but he ignored her, and finally she walked back and sat on the bed.

At first, she thought it was funny, convinced it was a joke. But now seeing his reaction, she was beginning to think he was serious. She looked at the tank top and it was low cut, and pretty short too, she didn't think it would even fit him properly. Either way, there was no way she was wearing just that to bed. Not after all of their talks about respect and dignity and sharing a bed. Now she was beginning to think he arranged this bed on purpose. She was questioning everything she knew about him and if he could be trusted after all. And the fact that he expected her to obey with no discussion was the worst of all. She was not some toy, or his property. Now she felt angry. Several times she glared at him and wanted to go over and hang up the call, but she knew that would be very bad. He was still her boss after all. She wondered what he meant by being punished if she broke the rule. Was he going to fire her? She was worried now and felt anxious again. She sat for a long time and didn't move, determined to wait him out so she could talk to him.

After an hour she got very tired. She was stewing and worried about what to do. And he didn't seem any closer to ending his conversation. She decided she would wear his stupid shirt, but she was going to wear her panties and bra under for sure. She went into the bathroom, texted Rick, made up some excuse about not being able to talk, said good night and hopped into the shower. She had a long shower, on purpose trying to wait him out, came out eventually in her towel, and he was still talking away. She sighed and grabbed the shirt off the bed forcefully, and went back into the bathroom and put back on her bra and panties and the shirt over top. She looked in the mirror and was glad for her panties because it was short, and only covered a few inches below her thighs, not even her entire butt was covered, and she was barely covered in the front, and movement at all exposed her panties.

She came out of the bathroom and shut all the lights off except the one on his desk, and climbed into bed and hugged the edge and turned her back towards the other side. She cuddled up under the covers and wanted to forget this whole stupid thing and in the morning she would have a few choice words for him, boss or not. She was very tired and fell asleep shortly.

She woke up slowly, and felt Jake spooning her, pressed up against her hard. His right arm was around her waist, his left arm he had managed to get under her and was wrapped around cupping her breast through his shirt, and his penis was pressed hard up against her butt. For a moment, out of instinct, she squirmed, and pressed back up against his manhood. It felt good, but she wouldn't admit it to herself. Then she realized how inappropriate this was and tried to move his arm so she could get out of bed. As soon as she did he spoke.

"Oh, hi, you're awake finally, good, get up," he said, and released his hold of her and got up himself quickly. As she got out of bed she saw he was only wearing his boxers, and even flaccid, his penis was very large in his boxers. She glanced at it a few times by accident. He was very fit and toned for a man of his age, much more so than she thought. He walked to the desk and pulled the chair out and held his hand to her.

"Come," he said calmly. She walked over slowly, not sure what this was about, and apprehensive to trust him after the whole shirt and being naked under note.

"Jake, I want to talk to you about your note. It's highly inappropriate..." as she said that last word she was in front of him and quick as a cat he grabbed her arm, sat down in the chair and pulled her hard over his knee. She fell forward and had to use her hands to brace herself on the floor.

"Ohhh, stop, what are you doing Jake? Let me up!" she exclaimed and struggled to get up off of his knee. He held her down with one strong hand and lifted his shirt slightly to expose her entire ass. "SMACK!" went his hand down on her butt.

"Owww!" she cried out and put her hand back to block him.

"Monica, leave your hands on the floor or I'll tie them behind your back!" he instructed sternly and spanked her butt again.

"Owww! That hurts! Stop it . Jake what are you doing? Why are you doing this?" she reluctantly kept her hands on the floor.

"Monica, I gave you very clear written instructions with regards to your bed attire. What did I tell you to wear?" he said, and spanked her ass again.

"OowWWWW!" she cried out.. "Oh my God stop.. you, you said to only wear this shirt and nothing else!" she said back sarcastically.

"That's right, and I said if you did not do it you would be punished. You defied me, so now you are being punished," and he spanked her ass again hard. She squirmed and shook on his lap and she felt his cock growing hard against her thigh as she did, and she could tell it was very large.

"Jake please, stop... it hurts. I couldn't go to bed like that, I would be practically naked. We talked about that, and how in...owwwww! owwwww!" she was cut off by him spanking her hard twice and crying out in pain. She had tears in her eyes now and felt so humiliated. She had not been spanked since she was a little girl. She felt helpless as she squirmed on his lap.

"Do not protest or try to justify your defiance Monica. You may only apologize," and he grabbed her panties and yanked them down to her knees, exposing her bare ass. He put his hand on it and rubbed the cheeks softly, which were turning red. She put one hand back quickly and tried to grab her panties to hold them up. He grabbed her wrist and held it firmly behind her back.

"Jake please, don't do this, let me up!" She could not move her other hand that was supporting her weight on the floor or she would fall forward. She felt helpless and vulnerable with her panties down to her knees and being exposed to her boss like this.

"Smack!" came his hand across her bare cheek. She cried out and shuddered again.

"Apologize!" he said and smacked her ass again..

"Oww! Oww!! Ok , ok, I'm sorry. I'm sorry I didn't do what you told me to. Please stop!" She felt his cock pressing hard against her thigh now and it was very erect in his boxers. She shuddered a little and was embarrassed and disgusted with herself to feel that her pussy was slightly wet. She felt so humiliated and helpless and her ass was on fire with pain from his hard spankings. She didn't understand why this was making her wet.

"You've been a bad girl in defying me Monica, and you deserved to be punished!" And he spanked her again twice, once on each cheek. "Say it!"

She cried out and bit her lip from the pain, and felt she would say anything he wanted right now to make him stop spanking her. She said softly, "I was a bad girl and I deserve to be punished." She felt so humiliated and wished she had told Rick and he had forbid her from sharing a room with Jake.

Another two smacks on her perfect, round, smooth ass and it was red and throbbing. She was crying now and begging Jake to stop.

"oWW!! OWWWW!! It hurts Jake, it hurts please stop!"

"Say it again!" he commanded.

"I'm a bad girl and I deserved to be punished," she said, desperate to stop the spankings. Her ass was burning in pain.

"Again!" he commanded and smacked her hard two more times.

"Oww!! Oww! Fuck!! Owww!" she cried out , shaking in pain. "I'm a bad girl and I deserved to be punished!" she said while crying.

"Say thank you for punishing me!" he instructed.

She hesitated, reluctant, and did not want to gratify his spankings. Another two smacks on her bare ass made her comply.

"Owww, owww!.. Thank you for punishing me," she said in between sobbing.

"Good, again, like you mean it," he said, and smacked her ass harder.

"Thank you for punishing me!" she said louder, fighting through the pain.

"Thank you for punishing me, what?" he asked.

She paused, not sure what he wanted her to say.

"Um, thank you for punishing me Sir?" she offered, and braced for another spanking. She gritted her teeth as his hand fell onto her cheek. It stung so bad she screamed loudly.

"Thank you for punishing me Daddy," he said. "Say it." He paused with his hand in the air.

"What? Daddy? Why? Jake that's weird," she said, and he smacked her ass even harder.

"OWWWWWW!" she cried out loudly. "ok ok.. Thank you for punishing me Daddy," she said, crying.

She felt wetness on his leg and realized it was from her pussy, and that she was very wet right now. She hoped he didn't notice and was very ashamed by it.

"Good girl. You will refer to me as Daddy from now on when we are alone. Do you understand?" he asked.

She nodded, thought it was very strange, but agreed. "Yes, I understand." She did not want any more spankings.

"Good. Now, you need to correct your mistake from last night and make up for it. If I let you up, what are you going to do?" he tested her.

She paused, thought about it and answered, "Um, take off my panties and bra?" she offered.

Another smack on her bare ass and she winced and cried out. "Take your panties and bra off what?" he reminded her.

Crying, shaking, embarrassed, she replied, "Take off my panties and bra Daddy."

"You want to please Daddy don't you?" he asked.

She nodded, and braced for another spanking. "Yes Daddy, I want to please you."

"Good, then will correct your mistake. And to make up for it you will also remove your shirt. You will stand in front of me naked, for me to inspect you. Or, you will be punished more severely. Do you understand?" he said.

She nodded again, terrified of being spanked more. "Yes Daddy, I understand," she said softly.

Two more had smacks on her ruby red firm ass and then he stopped, and let her get up. Slowly she struggled to her feet, shaking and crying in front of him. She couldn't believe her boss had turned into this monster in front of her. She had trusted him to respect her and now he had taken away all her dignity. She shuddered when she felt her thighs touch and realized how wet her pussy was. With tears running down her face, she slowly removed his shirt, with shaking hands reached back and unhooked her bra and let it fall to the floor, and let her panties fall down and stepped out of them.

She stood before him naked, her nipples instantly got hard as stones on her perfect breasts. He smiled seeing her pussy was shaved bare. He reached up and flicked a nipple.

"Your nipples are hard Monica, are you turned on by this?" he asked as he flicked the other one. She wanted to cover her breasts with her hands but knew it was a bad idea. She blushed.

"Um, uh, I don't know. I guess so Daddy. I'm confused," she replied.

He smiled, and placed a finger against her vagina lips. "Open your legs," he instructed. Slowly she complied, spreading her legs a few inches open. He slid a long finger across her pussy lips, feeling the height of her wetness as it soaked his finger.

"Oh my, Monica, your pussy is soaked. I don't think it's confused at all. I think it knows exactly what it wants," he teased, and brought his finger to his lips. "Mmmmmmm," delicious, he added as he tasted her juices on his finger.

"oh my god, Jake.. I, I, I mean Daddy, sorry.. I'm so embarrassed, please, I'm humiliated. I shouldn't be wet for you. I'm sorry. I don't' know why I am. I love Rick, please, stop, I'm begging you," she pleaded, and wanted to get dressed so bad. No man had ever seen her body naked since she met her husband.

"I know you love your husband Monica. But this isn't about him. This is about your soaking wet, perfect pussy needing, wanting, craving more." He looked at his watch. "But, we have a meeting to be at soon and we must get ready. We will talk more about your hungry pussy later. For now, you will obey me, and do what I say, correct?" he said.

"Yes Daddy," she said obediently. Her ass was stinging and she did not want more of his spankings.

"Good, there is one more thing to do to make up for you defiance last night. Go to your suitcase and bring me all of your panties and bras, now," he instructed.

She hesitated, and did not want to give him her panties and bras. But one look from him told her defiance was going to be painful and she slowly walked to her suitcase and got all of her panties and bras and brought them back to him.

He took the metal garbage pail from under the desk and put it on the desk. "Throw them in," he commanded. "You will not be wearing any for the rest of the week."

She gasped. Rick had bought her many of these, and she could not just dispose of them. She shook her head. "Jake, please, these are very special to me, they are intimate. Please, let me keep them." As soon as she spoke she felt afraid of saying it. Immediately he grabbed her arm and turned her sideways and smacked her sore ass twice very hard.

"OWWW!" she jumped and cried out. "Stop!! Stop!" she squirmed and he held her arm tight. "Shall I continue?" he asked angrily. She lowered her head in shame. "No Daddy, please stop." Slowly she tossed them all into the garbage can. He reached up and grabbed her long hair and pulled hard, forcing her to her knees. He turned her head to look at him, with a handful of hair.

"What are you to call me?" he asked.

"Daddy," she said softly.

"Louder!" he commanded.

"Daddy!" she said again louder. With his hand still full of his hair, he reached out his other hand to the drawer and pulled out a small can of lighter fluid.. he doused the contents inside the garbage can with them to her horror as she looked on. Then he grabbed a box of matches and handed it to her.

Pulling her hair hard as she was on her knees, he instructed.

"The more you defy me the worse this will get. Now, burn them!"

She hesitated, he yanked, she whimpered, cried, and lit a match.

"Yes Daddy," She felt so bad, so ashamed, as she dropped it into the can and watched her panties and bras burn up. When they were done he squirted some water from his bottle onto them, and they were a smoldering pile of ash in the can.

"Good girl. Now, we need to get ready. Go and get in the shower and I'll be there momentarily to join you." And he let go of her hair and smacked her ass.

She said nothing, cried, got up, and walked to the bathroom, ashamed, scared, vulnerable, humiliated, and very turned on.

She immediately got into the shower and let the water run over her, as she cried hard. She felt so humiliated, so ashamed, so demeaned, helpless, vulnerable. She wanted to be in Rick's arms so bad right now. She couldn't believe how much Jake had turned on her. She thought she could trust him and now what was she going to do. She felt very afraid of him. She put her finger down to her pussy and felt how incredibly wet she was. She shook her head in disgust and did not understand why this was turning her on sexually. Sex with her husband had always been good, if not rather routine. She had never been dominated or treated like a sex object before, and never wanted to be. But this was turning her on immensely, and she didn't understand why. Thoughts of Jake's huge cock fucking her hard entered her mind, and she heard him coming. She worried about showering together, she did not want to cheat on Rick, she loved him dearly.

Moments later the curtain opened and in stepped her boss. He was naked, and his cock was semi-erect. She gasped when she saw it. He grabbed her hair and made her look up at him.

"Take Daddy's cock in your hand Monica," he instructed.

With a shaking hand she reached out and closed her fingers around his thick shaft. She felt it throb and grow bigger. It was bigger than she had ever seen any cock before.

"Wash it," he instructed, and pulled hard on her hair. "Thoroughly," he added.

"Yes Daddy," she said quietly and got some soap on her hands and washed his cock, stroking it at the same time. It grew to it's full 9 inches, and she couldn't believe how big it was. Her pussy ached for it. When she was done he instructed her to keep stroking it, and she did, for several minutes.

"Do you like Daddy's cock?" he asked.

She nodded. "Yes Daddy, I do. It's very, very big," she replied.

"Bigger than your husband's cock?" he asked.

"Yes Daddy, much bigger!" she replied, humiliated to be confessing that. Soon he was moaning and felt his orgasm building as she stroked his huge cock.

"Monica, I'm going to cum soon. Get down on your knees and make Daddy cum into your mouth and swallow all of Daddy's cum," he commanded.

She hesitated briefly, with his hand still holding her hair tight, and then out of fear obeyed, slowly lowering herself to her knees, as the warm water fell across her back and head, she stroked his cock quickly and closed her eyes in shame and opened her mouth, bracing for his cum. She had not swallowed cum in a long time and hated doing it for her husband. She found it very degrading.

"Open your eyes!" he commanded. "Look up at me while you swallow my cum!"

She opened her tear filled eyes and looked up at him, stroking hard. She did not want to do this, she felt humiliated and disgusted. She couldn't believe he was deameaning her like this. She felt his cock twitch and he pulled her hair hard and she reluctantly opened her mouth wide obediently, and suddenly his huge cock erupted and thick jets of his cum shot out into her mouth. She winced and made a face as she felt his warm cum shooting onto her tongue and her lips. IT was so gross she wanted to spit it out but she knew she couldn't. She felt like a cheating whore. Tears rolled down her face. She could not believe her boss was cumming into her mouth. Stream after stream of cum shot into her mouth, and it was more than she had ever seen. It filled her mouth completely and she gagged slightly at the bitter taste and texture. Finally his cock stopped twitching and she swallowed hard, tasting the nasty cum as it went down her throat, looking up at him in shame as she did. When she was done he yanked her back to her feet.

"What do you say to Daddy?" he asked.

"Um, thank you Daddy," she replied, hoping that was right.

"Thank you for what?" he asked.

"Thank you for letting me swallow your cum Daddy," she said, totally humiliated.

"Good girl Monica, you are learning. Now pass me the soap," he answered, and she did. He washed her body, paying special attention to her nipples and pussy, stimulating them as he did. He lingered on her clit with his finger.

"Your pussy is very wet for Daddy Monica," he said.

She nodded. "Yes Daddy," she was so ashamed at how soaked she was.

"I think your pussy wants Daddy's big cock. But we don't have time for that now. It's something for you to look forward to later," he said, totally freaking her out. "Tell Daddy how badly you want his big cock to fuck you," he instructed.

She bit her lip and could not say it. Saying it was admitting she wanted to cheat on her husband, and admitting his power over her. He saw her hesitation and grabbed a handful of hair and smacked her ass with the other hand.

"Uhhh!" she cried out, "No, please...pleasee..." she begged.

"Owww!" she cried out in pain as he smacked her ass hard and yanked her hair.

"Say it!" he commanded..

With tears in her eyes she said softly,

"Yes Daddy, I want your big cock to fuck me. But please use a condom," she felt like such a whore as soon as the words left her mouth. Rick had had a vasectomy, so she was not on the pill.

"Is your pussy not protected Monica?" he asked.

"No," she said shaking her head, "My husband has had a vasectomy."

"Excellent , then you will enjoy my bare cock and my cum inside you much more..

"Again!" he commanded, smacking her ass.

"OwWW! Daddy please, I want your big cock to fuck me," she said, crying.

"How hard?" he asked.

"Um, uh, very hard Daddy, fuck my pussy very hard," she begged like a whore and her pussy gushed with excitement at the thought.

His fingers rubbed her clit and she shuddered.

"You want all 9 inches of Daddy's cock inside you don't you?" he asked.

She bit her lip, and was terrified of how much it would hurt. She nodded shamefully but did not speak.

"Whack!" came his hand onto her aching ass.

"Owww!" she cried out in pain.

"Say it!" he commanded, and tightened his hold in her long hair.

She cried, shook, and spoke softly. "Yes Daddy, I want all 9 inches of your cock inside me."

"Again, louder!" he instructed.

"Daddy please, I want your whole cock inside me," she begged.

"Good..After our meetings we are going to come back here and Daddy is going to fuck your pussy hard, make you cry, shove all 9 inches deep inside you, and make you beg for his cum!"

She paused, knowing she was fertile right now and could not risk getting pregnant.

"Tell Daddy you will beg for his cum when he fucks you hard!' he commanded.

"Please, no.. I cant'. I don't want to get pregnant.. please don't make me say it!" she begged, feeling humiliated. He yanked her hair hard and slid a finger inside her hungry pussy. He finger fucked her for several seconds and she shuddered, shook, and wanted more.

"Say it!" he commanded again.

"OwWW!" she cried out as he yanked her hair, and his finger probed her vagina. With tears in her eyes, she answered.

"Ok, yes, I will beg you Daddy to cum inside me when you fuck me bare and hard later!"

"Good girl, now you have something to look forward to. Now let's finish and get to our meeting," he replied, and they finished showering in silence. She felt so humiliated as they stepped out and dried off. Her pussy was soaked, and she wanted him to fuck her so bad, so hard, and didn't understand why.

Part of her did not want to have sex with him as well, and was terribly afraid, especially of it hurting at how big he was. He instructed her to get dressed, with a nice skirt and blouse. She felt so naked with nothing underneath them. He got dressed in his business suit and they got ready to go.

Just as he was about to open the door to the hallway he stopped and pushed her against the wall. He put his hand up her skirt and found her wet pussy, and started rubbing her clit. Then he brought his lips into hers and kissed her deeply. She gasped and felt his strong lips kissing her and shuddered as he rubbed her clit. She was totally shocked at how much she wanted him, and kissed him hard back.

She felt an orgasm building just as he stopped touching her and broke the kiss.

"Your pussy is very, very wet right now Monica. This is how I want it to be all day. I'm going to check in on your periodically, in meetings, and outside of them, and I expect your pussy to be soaked for Daddy whenever I do. Do you understand?" he said.

"But, Daddy, how can I focus on meetings and such and keep my pussy wet? I can't" she answered, feeling like that was impossible.

"Do you want more punishment later, more severe than before?" he asked.

"No, please, no more punishment," she said shaking her head.

"Then keep your pussy soaking wet for Daddy throughout the day, understand?" he asked.

She nodded slowly.. "Yes Daddy, I understand," although she had no idea how she was going to pull that off. She was so turned on right now her juices were dripping down her thighs. She wanted to have sex so bad, and felt ashamed by it.

As they left the room and headed to the main hall, she felt her wet thighs rubbing against each other and did not like the feeling of being so wet with no panties on. She felt her nipples harden and hoped no one would notice.. She felt like a huge whore not having a bra or panties on going to her meetings.She dreaded what was going to happen later, or maybe she couldn't wait for it, she felt so confused.

The next few hours passed quickly, and they had a few meetings to go. She found it hard to concentrate, and was constantly distracted by her wet pussy, which would not dry up, no matter how distracted with meetings she got. A few times in between meetings, as he said, he took her aside into an empty room or hallway and quickly felt her pussy and saw how wet she was for him. She felt ashamed, and choked back tears several times, and was very worried about him fucking her later.

In the elevator, on the back from dinner, she had butterflies in her stomach. She dreaded what was next, and was upset at herself because she knew part of her desperately wanted this.

As soon as they entered the room and shut the door he spoke.

"Your pussy stayed very wet for Daddy today Monica. You were a good girl to keep it so wet. Now, strip naked and get down on your knees and beg Daddy to suck on his cock," he commanded.

She hesitated for a second, and with one look she knew she had no choice. She took off her blouse and skirt, and her nipples were as hard as stones, and she blushed. Slowly she dropped to her knees.

"Daddy, please let me suck on your cock," she begged, feeling like a whore. Her pussy twinged. He opened his pants and pulled out his monster cock, already half erect.

"Get Daddy nice and hard so he can give you the hard fucking you so desperately want," he told her. She felt like she was on autopilot, and knew this was wrong, and knew he was going to fuck her, bare, and hard. She shuddered, reached up with a shaking hand, and opened her mouth and started sucking his huge cock. As soon as she felt his throbbing shaft sliding into her mouth her pussy gushed. She was soaked, literally soaked, and wanted him to fuck her so bad. She felt ashamed, and did not know why she wanted him so bad, but she did. She loved her husband, but right now she tried not to think of him. She thought of her young children, and felt like a cheating whore mother, and tears filled her eyes as his cock slid in and out of her mouth.

After a couple of minutes he pulled her off of his huge monster. It was fully erect and 9 inches long and very thick. With a handful of her long brown hair, he pulled her to her feet. Looking into her eyes he asked,

"Good sucking Monica. Are you ready for Daddy to fuck you hard?" With tears in her eyes, she nodded slowly. He pulled her over to the desk, turned her to face the mirror on the wall in front of it, and stood behind her. "Bend over the desk Monica, hold on tight, spread your legs and look at me in the mirror and tell Daddy how badly you want him to fuck you!"

Everything in her told her not to do this. She hesitated, and he smacked her ass. She jumped and cried out. Tears ran down her face steadily. Her pussy was soaked, and wanted his huge cock so bad. She knew this was the final frontier. Sucking his cock was one thing, and the rest she had done was just words, but actually letting him fuck her was crossing every sacred boundary she had made by getting married. And without a condom on, she knew the risk of getting pregnant right now was huge. She shook her head slowly, with one last act of defiance, and braced herself for what she knew was coming, and maybe part of her wanted.

Smack! Went his hand on her ass. She whimpered and shook it hurt so bad. Again, and she cried out loud. And still did not obey him. Two more hard slaps on her red, aching ass made her bite her lip from the pain. Her body shook as he spanked her one more time, harder than the last. She couldn't take any more pain. With his hand still holding her hair tight she looked at him in the mirror and said softly,

"ok, stop. Daddy stop please! I, I, I want you to fuck me Daddy. Hard. Deep. Bare.. Please Daddy fuck me hard!" She felt disgusted as she begged another man to cheat on her husband with her.

"Good, my slut," he answered. "And where do you want Daddy's cum?" he asked.

She paused for only a moment as her firm ass throbbed in pain. "In my pussy Daddy, cum deep inside me please," she begged, and her pussy gushed again. She shuddered in anticipation. He smiled, and answered.

"Good, open your legs and bend over."

She complied, bent over and grabbed the edges of the desk. She felt like a whore that they were in this position, and he was about to violate her so badly. She opened her legs and bit her lip, ready for his girth as tears streamed down her face.

He grabbed her hips and placed the head of his huge cock at her wet opening. "Mmmmm, this is going to feel great," he said and began pushing forward. She gasped out loud as she felt his immense cock head stretch her pussy lips open. She immediately shook her head, having had no idea just how this would feel. IT was too big she decided. He grabbed a handful of hair again with one hand to keep her head up and looking into the mirror. He loved the look on her face as he pushed forward with his huge cock. Another inch inside her, and it was stretching her tight pussy as it slid further. Monica gasped and winced, as it was making it's way into her most sacred place. It was twice as big as Rick's at least, and twice as thick, and she gripped hard on the desk edges and winced as Jake took her pussy.

Half of his huge cock was inside her and she shuddered. He smiled.

"Feels good, doesn't it slut?" he asked. She nodded, still crying, and very ashamed.

"Say it slut, tell Daddy how good his big bare cock feels inside you," he instructed.

She bit her lip, wincing as he shoved it in further, and it hit her gspot and she moaned out loud. He yanked her hair back hard and she answered softly,

"Yes Daddy, your big bare cock feels soo good inside me," she admitted.

"Good, that's what Daddy wants to hear," he said. And he started fucking her hard, one hand lodged in her hair, not letting her lower her head, and one firmly on her hip, as he rammed his thick cock in and out of her soaked pussy. Inch after inch it slid further, slowly stretching her love hole to accommodate him. With one last big thrust, she gasped out loud, white knuckled the desk, and her legs shook as he shoved his entire 9 inches inside her, and she felt his balls slapping against her thighs.

"Ahhhhh, Ooooohhh, Uhhhhhh," she moaned over and over and her body shook with orgasms, exploding all over his huge cock as he fucked her deep. Never had she experienced anything close to this. Faster and faster he fucked her, with the stamina of an Olympic athlete, and she moaned and cried and came over and over and over. He was fucking her so hard the desk was banging against the wall with every huge thrust, and she was being lifted onto her tiptoes every time he rammed his huge cock into her soaked pussy. Her mouth hung open and she just kept wincing and moaning and feeling impaled by his huge cock. It felt like a baseball bat was up inside her. And the more she moaned the harder he pulled on her hair, which in turn made her cum even bigger. She was forced to look into his big brown eyes in the mirror, with shock, ecstasy, lust and shame on her face as he fucked her like a jackhammer. For several minutes she enjoyed the greatest fuck of her life, and did not want this to end, as she could not stop orgasming.

She could tell by his panting and hard thrusting he was going to cum soon. She did not want to get pregnant, but that was the furthest thing from her mind right now. She did not want this to end, and part of her desperately wanted to feel the eruption of his huge cock inside her.

With a hard yank on her hair, and a yelp from her, he said,

"Daddy is ready to cum Monica. Are you ready for Daddy's cum deep?"

She nodded, and he saw she could not talk anymore, as she was in a constant state of orgasm. He smiled, gave her a few more very hard thrusts with his cock deep inside her, and then yelled out loud as his cock exploded deep inside her pussy, sending wave after wave after wave of baby making cum deep into her vagina, desperate to find their way into her uterus and a waiting egg. She came harder then she had yet as his cock exploded, and she shook with orgasms, over and over.

What seemed like minutes passed, and finally his huge cock began to soften inside her. He slowly pulled it out and she felt his cum running out of her pussy and down her thighs.

"Down on your knees and clean Daddy's cock," he ordered. Still panting, she practically collapsed to the floor her knees were so weak. She didn't argue or fuss, she was too spent. Her body still shook with mini orgasms as she reached up with a shaking hand and guided his cock to her mouth. She sucked it dry and licked up all his cum and swallowed it, wincing at the taste. As soon as she was done he yanked her to her feet by her hair. She was still wobbly and struggled to stand.

"Good slut, you have done well. Daddy's cum is deep inside you where it belongs. Now, get into bed and let's go to sleep. It's late and we have a big day tomorrow, and lots more fucking to do as well.

She felt broken, humiliated, incredibly turned on, in ecstasy, vulnerable, scared, desperately worried, violated, and hungry for more, all at the same time. She simply nodded and said,

"Yes Daddy," and walked over and collapsed on the bed, dreading, and maybe looking forward to tomorrow.
