My Wife Becomes Whore to a Gang
byVeri©
My wife Michelle is a high powered lawyer in our town, which is a medium sized Midwestern city. We've been married for about 22 years. About 3 years ago we were in a bit of a doldrums and I decided to spice things up by renting a room at a sex motel in the seedier side of town. The motel was one with themed rooms and Jacuzzis. To my surprise Michelle dressed the part of a slut, wearing a short skirt and high heels and a tight top. She insisted in going into the office to get the key, shaking her ass the whole way in and out and drawing some leers from a few guys who were hanging around outside. Once in the room she confided in me that for the last few years she was having a reoccurring fantasy of becoming a whore.

Michelle is a blonde of medium height. She has fantastic natural 36 DDs and beautiful wide areolas with sexy little bumps surrounding her nipples which get very hard when she is aroused. She also has a great ass which got a little bigger when she turned 40, but which looks great in sexy tight shorts or skirts.

A few months ago Michelle found a local college bar in the small town next to ours. She wanted to dress up as a slut and go in the bar and flirt with the college guys. I asked her how far she wanted to go?

"I don't know. Maybe let a few boys buy me drinks, rub my leg against them. Let them grab my ass when we dance. If I'm turned on maybe I'll grind the guy a bit. A little light making out and then we can go home and fuck like crazy."

I had to admit that the thought of seeing her be a slutty older tramp and get pawed by horny college guys turned me on a bit, as long as it didn't go too far.

On the night in question we drove to the bar and I dropped her off and watched her shake her ass in her 4 inch red heels as she swayed into the bar. She was wearing a small jean skirt and a black tube top that showed off her fantastic tits.

I walked in a few minutes later and grabbed a table by the bar with a good view. She was already talking to a few guys with a drink and cigarette in her hand. I watched her smile and laugh and rub her nails lightly over the arm of one of the college guys. A few minutes later they were on the dance floor as planned and when a slow dance started she snuggled into his arms and I watched his hand rub the small of her back for a few seconds before it disappeared beneath her skirt. Meanwhile she was staring intently into the eyes of her new friend before they kissed. First lightly and then more deeply.

The song ended and Michelle swayed back over to the table with her friend. The bartender walked over and asked me if I wanted another beer.

"I see you've been watching that slutty milf."

I nodded.

"Well see that mean looking dude over there?" The bartender pointed to a thuggish looking guy in the corner. He was about 19 and wearing a headband of a gang color.

"His name is Jose. He runs the working girls in this bar for the NorthSide Posse. NSP they call themselves. He's going to lay the law down to her in a few minutes."

I wondered what to do as I saw the guy get up and walk over to Michelle. He leaned over and whispered something in her ear and a few seconds later I saw her exchange phone numbers with the guy she was making out with and then walk behind Jose shaking her ass in an even more exaggerated manner. She glanced at me as she walked by and smiled, so I did nothing. Jose stopped at the end of the bar and sat on a stool. Michelle stood before him swaying slightly, one leg on the stool Jose was sitting on.

There was some quiet conversation and I saw Michelle laugh and shake her head. Jose reached up and put one finger in the center of her tube top and pulled her tube top. She stood without moving for a second giving Jose a good look down the front of her shirt, then she pushed his hand away. They talked for a few more minutes and I saw the bartender bring them two shots of Tequila. They downed their shots and Jose put his finger between her tits in her tube top and pulled her tube top down slightly and then towards him. Again Michelle held her ground giving Jose a good look at her tits. She went to push his finger away again but this time he caught her hand. They playfully wrestled for a moment and then I saw Michele allow herself to be pulled close to him. Jose kept his finger in her tube top, and I could see him run it down as he brushed her nipple and then ran it around her areola. His other hand let go of her hand and I saw him run it on the inside of her thigh up her skirt. Michelle stood there letting this gang member play with her tit and rub his finger near her pussy. She had a smile on her face and was staring into his eyes. There was some light making out and then I saw Jose take the bandanna off his head and give it to Michelle. She walked right past me without saying a word and went into the bathroom. A few moments later she came back wearing the bandana as a top. It barely covered her tits which were swaying. The weight of her 36DDs hung the top down and the side of her tits were clearly visible. The tube top she had been wearing was now her skirt. The tight spandex rode up her legs as she walked and it barely covered her ass. If she had look light a slut before, now she was clearly a whore looking for customers. Most eyes were on her as she came sashaying out of the bar and walked slowly over to Jose. Then she fell into his arms and gave him a passionate kiss.

A few minutes later Michelle and Jose walked over to me. Michelle was holding on to Jose's arm as he approached me. He other hand kept pulling down her skirt as it rode up her ass.

"You married to this ho?"

"Yes."

Jose seemed surprised.

"Well this bitch wants to come with me back to my boys bar. Ok?"

I looked at Michelle and she nodded.

"If that's what she wants" I said.

"Ok homey, lets get a few things straight. She may be your wife, but tonight she my ho. My bitch. For me and my boys. I don't want no trouble. But she's doing this because she wants to. So tonight she's ours. You down wit that?"

I looked at Michelle. "It's what I want honey. One night. Come watch. It will be fun."

I nodded. Jose turned and Michelle walked out with him and I followed. A cadillac pulled around and Michelle and Jose got into the back. I got into my car and followed. We drove for about twenty minutes to a bad part of town. There was a bar on a street corner and the Cadillac pulled up in front. I parked across the street.

I walked across the street and could see that the front passenger door of the Cadillac was open. Jose was in the back but I could not see Michelle. Smoke was coming out of the car. Jose was leaning back and caught my eye. He smirked. A few seconds later Michelle's head popped up. She had clearly been giving him a blow job. Then I saw someone hand her a joint. A few seconds later she got out of the car coughing and trying to re-tie on her top.

Jose walked up to me. "Your wife been smoking a joint laced with X. She's gonna get real horny soon and I'm gonna make some money. That top she's wearing signifies she with me and my boys. No one gonna bother her unless they talk to me first. She'll be safe, especially if she keeps sucking dick like she just did me."

Michelle stumbled on her high heels and had trouble keeping her skirt down over her ass. She pulled it down but it barely covered the top of her thighs. She was some sexy sight with her large breasts barely covering her tits, and trying to walk on her high heels while keeping her skirt covering her pussy, all while being a 40 year old slut on the arm of a 19 year old gang member who she had just blown.

We walked into the bar. Loud music was playing and thick smoke hung in the air. There were dozens of women of all different races in various stages of undress, but none of them appeared to be as blonde or as old as Michelle. A few woman were straddling guys giving them lap dances while a few others walked around the bar dressed more or less like Michelle was.

Jose greeted a few of his friends and Michelle was seated at a table. I could see she was nervous because she clung tightly to Jose. A few minutes later a tall black man came over. I recognized him as a local basketball player on the college team. I saw him speak to Jose and then hand him some cash. Jose said something to Michelle and then she got up and greeted the guy. They spoke for a few minutes and then he walked her over to a pool table with his hand around her waist. They shot pool for a while and Michelle made a big deal of leaning over and shaking her ass while trying to line up a shot. Eventually another two people came over and they played two against two. While they were waiting their turn Michelle sat on the basketball player's lap and he was nuzzling her ear. She was grinding her ass as she sat on him. Then it was his turn and he got up and sank several balls and when he finally missed and came back Michelle got up and threw herself into his arms and they kissed passionately. Then she sat on his lap and allowed his hand to slip underneath the small bandana covering her tits. I could see his massive hand playing with her left tit as he ran his finger around her nipple and finally pinched it, all while kissing and nuzzling her ear. This- her fantasy being played out- along with the X the gang had given her was too much for her- as she stood up turned around and then straddled her new friend. They kissed passionately and I could see her hand struggling with his cock between his legs. She broke their kiss for a second and then whispered something into his ear. I saw him reach into his pocket and give her some more money. Then with basically one tit hanging out Michelle walked back across the bar to Jose and gave him the money.

Her fantasy was now a reality. This high powered sexy 40 year old lawyer was being pimped out by a 19 year old thug. He owned her. She was his property and was having sex with who ever he told her to. Jose gave her a small packet which I realized was a condom. Michelle sashayed back across the bar to her basketball player and moved him over to a small couch in the corner. They kissed for a few minutes and then I saw her head go between his legs and then she put the condom on him. Then she straddled him and fucked him right there, in a darkened corner of a gang bar. I know my wife and I can tell when she fakes it and when she has an orgasm. She rode his cock for 10 minutes and as they quickened their strokes she began to arch her back and put her hands up in the air. The basketball player had free reign over her tits and he pulled her close and began sucking a nipple. She loved getting her nipple sucked while getting fucked and I could see her body quiver. She was coming. A few minutes later her new lover came and she collapsed into his arms. They cuddled for a few minutes and then she got up and walked back to Jose, her pimp.

This went on a few more times. Guys would come over asking for the white milf, and a few minutes later they would pay Jose and she would either go on the dance floor with them or play some pool or just have a quick drink before going to a dark corner or a couch and blowing them or letting them fuck her.

It was after 2am and I was wondering how much longer this would go on. Michelle had broken our agreement and gone further than we ever agreed to. She put us in a situation where we were at the mercy of thugs.

Michelle came over and sat down. "Honey, I am so turned on. I love being a whore. This is totally fulfilling all my fantasies."

"Can we go?" I pleaded.

"Not until Jose says I can go."

Jose came over. "Come on, you earned your stripes."

Michelle got up and followed Jose and I followed her. We walked outside the bar and Michelle was busy fixing her top to keep her tits inside the bandana. Her skirt was riding up her ass as she walked on the sidewalk, swaying her ass, just like a streetwalker. A few doors down the next block was a tattoo parlor and we walked inside.

There was a young black man who greeted Jose and then eyed Michelle. "Damn this Ho is hot."

"She gets a silver NSP." The guy nodded and we walked into the back.

My mind was whirling. A tattoo was out of the question, but Michelle was holding tight to her pimp. They sat down at a table and the guy walked over and tugged at Michelle's top. It didn't take much and it came off. "Mmmmm I love my job sometimes" he laughed.

Michelle was put into a chair. The guy reached into a table and pulled up a small sliver charm attached to a thin bar.

"I only get a silver one" Michelle whined.

"You gotta do a lot more than shake yo ass for me one night ho" said Jose "before you get a gold one."

Michelle pouted and Jose walked over to her and leaned over to her.

"You my bitch?" Michelle nodded. "You my ho." Michelle nodded again. Jose put his finger under her chin and she looked up at him as he kissed her deeply. I could see Michelle take her tongue and pull Jose's tongue into her mouth.

Jose broke the kiss. "Say it." Michelle looked down. "I'm your bitch."

"Louder." Michelle looked up and into her pimp's eyes. "I'm your bitch. I'm your ho. I only fuck who you tell me to."

"Ok lets do this."

"The guy walked over and pulled up a chair and sat down. He reached out and grabbed Michelle's right tit and cupped it. Then he stroked it and rolled her nipple between his thumb and finger. She moaned. Then he did the same thing with her left tit and she moaned even louder.

"The left nipple is bigger " he said. He took out some sterilizing fluids and sterilized her left nipple continuing to rub it and tug on it. Michelle squirmed in her seat, crossing one leg over the other. The man let his other hand fall to her thigh and I saw him push between her thighs. Michelle opened her eyes and looked at her pimp. He nodded and just like that she spread her legs giving him access to her pussy. He fingered her for a few minutes, all the time tugging and pulling on her left nipple.

"Ok. It's time." He numbed her nipple and then pierced it and then placed a thin silver bar with a NSP charm dangling from a small ring attached through a hole in the bar. There were two small bars that snapped into place on either end of the small bar that had pierced her nipple and just like that Michelle was branded with the gang's symbol.

Michelle looked down at her pierced nipple and then stood up. She was woozy. She put her arms around her pimp.

"This mean you our ho. No other gang can touch you. You can walk anywhere in town in your slutty little outfits and no one will bother you without my ok."

Michelle kissed her pimp deeply again. "I am all yours." She glanced at me for a second and then kissed Jose again.

"And you never take this off without my permission Ho, OK?" Michelle nodded. "If I call your ho ass at work you take your phone and take a picture of you wearing our sign and send it to me right away so I know my ho is listening to me." Michelle nodded.

"OK," said Jose "pay the guy."

Jose turned and walked away. Michelle looked at me. "I don't have any money" she said. The guy laughed. "You think I want money over this fine pussy. Come here."

He pulled her close and Michelle started making out with a 22 year old tattoo artist. He pulled her back into a back room where there was a couch. A few minutes later I could hear him fucking her. "You like black cock" he was saying as he fucked her from behind.

"Oh jeeze I love it. I love black cock. Fuck me. Fuck me with that big black cock."   I looked into the back room and saw the guy hold her hair like a set of reins as he pounded her. She arched her back and came. The guy kept on fucking her. She was on her hands and knees and then collapsed down on the couch. The guy slapped her ass and she raised it and moaned as he kept fucking her. A few minutes later I saw her grip the edges of the couch and moan "I'm cumming again" and she did, shaking her body as the guy who was fucking her came and then collapsed on her as she came one last time. Michelle stood up and saw me and put her arms over her breasts. "Please wait outside." I then saw her sit down and cuddle next to the guy who had just given her three orgasms. They kissed as I walked out.

A few minutes later Michelle walked out. We walked outside the store. Our car was two blocks away. We started walking as Michelle did her best to keep her skirt below her ass. Twice on the way to her car gang members of Jose's gang stopped her. Each time she was obliged to flirt with the gang member, kiss him and let him play with her tits. We got to the car with one gang member following us. Michelle took the keys. "Wait here for a few minutes." The gang member pushed her up against the car and they began to kiss. He was big, about 6'5 and Michelle was running her hands over his chest and arms. "I want some of your white milf ass."

"Honey, you boys wore my pussy out. It's sore. Come on, let me suck you."

The gang member pushed her back against the car. "I want some pussy."

Michelle kissed him deeply as he put his hand between her legs.

"Baby" Michelle whispered as I saw her hands grope his cock through his pants "You're just too big. I've been fucked so much tonight. Come on baby, let this whore suck you good. I'll swallow every bit. Then tomorrow you call this ho and I'll come and fuck you good. Ok,?"

The gang member nodded. He put his hands on her bandana and pulled it off. There was Michelle standing on a street corner next to a car in a tight spandex skirt with her tits out while making out with a gang member 20 years younger than she was. Michelle allowed the gang member to play with her tits. "Say you want it bitch."

Michelle smiled. Her hand was groping his cock through his pants. "Oh I want it. I've been staring at your cock all night. I want it bad."

"Beg."

Michelle sunk to her knees right there in the street. She unzipped him and pulled out his cock. Then she looked up at him as she was on her knees with her tits hanging out.

"Please baby. Please let me suck your big beautiful cock." She reached for it but he pulled it away. "Kiss it." He was humiliating her. Michelle began to give his cock small kisses up and down the shaft murmuring "please baby, let me suck that cock. Oh please I need to suck that cock."

Finally he was satisfied. "OK get in the car ho."

They got into the back seat and a few minutes after making out I saw Michelle go down on the gang member. About five minutes later the door opened and he got out.

"She gives a great blow job. She's all yours." He laughed.

I got into the car. I drove a few blocks in silence and then when we got into a better neighborhood I stopped the car and was prepared to yell at her, but she cut me off.

"I know what you're going to say but don't say it. This is what I want. I want to be a whore. I am Jose's whore. He has marked me. He has claimed me. He has taken me in front of you and pimped me in front of you. This is the sexiest thing a man could have done to me. Make me a whore. You had your chance but Jose took it from you. He took it from you when he played with my tits at the first bar and you let him. So this is how it's going to be. I am his whore when I want to be. I don't want you coming here anymore with me. When he calls me I will come and be his whore and walk the streets or work the bar or do anything he wants."

I wasn't sure how to handle this or what I was going to do.